<!-- TOC -->

* [Politics](#politics)
    * [President Trump Tweets about Fake News](#president-trump-tweets-about-fake-news)
    * [Congress Fails to Pass Healthcare Bill Due to Internal Disagreements](#congress-fails-to-pass-healthcare-bill-due-to-internal-disagreements)
    * [Hillary Clinton Embarks on Nationwide Speaking Tour to Promote New Book](#hillary-clinton-embarks-on-nationwide-speaking-tour-to-promote-new-book)
    * [North Korea Launches Missile, World Shrugs](#north-korea-launches-missile-world-shrugs)
    * [The White House Renovations Continue Despite National Crisis](#the-white-house-renovations-continue-despite-national-crisis)
* [Sports](#sports)
    * [Tom Brady Wins Super Bowl for the 7th Time, Solidifies Status as GOAT](#tom-brady-wins-super-bowl-for-the-7th-time-solidifies-status-as-goat)
    * [LeBron James Leads Lakers to NBA Championship](#lebron-james-leads-lakers-to-nba-championship)
    * [Tiger Woods Wins Masters Tournament in Stunning Comeback](#tiger-woods-wins-masters-tournament-in-stunning-comeback)
    * [Serena Williams Wins Wimbledon Again](#serena-williams-wins-wimbledon-again)
    * [Usain Bolt Sets World Record in 100-Meter Dash](#usain-bolt-sets-world-record-in-100-meter-dash)
* [Entertainment](#entertainment)
    * [Local Man Buys New Pair of Shoes at the Mall](#local-man-buys-new-pair-of-shoes-at-the-mall)
    * [Celebrity says something controversial on Twitter](#celebrity-says-something-controversial-on-twitter)
    * [Scientists Discover New Planet in Distant Galaxy](#scientists-discover-new-planet-in-distant-galaxy)
    * [Local Woman Wins Pie-Eating Contest at County Fair](#local-woman-wins-pie-eating-contest-at-county-fair)
    * [Politician Makes Promise to Constituents](#politician-makes-promise-to-constituents)
* [Science](#science)
    * [New Species of Microbes Found in Human Tears](#new-species-of-microbes-found-in-human-tears)
    * [NASA Announces Plans to Send Humans to Sun in 2024](#nasa-announces-plans-to-send-humans-to-sun-in-2024)
    * [Scientists Discover New Species of Bacteria That Can Turn Plastic into Food](#scientists-discover-new-species-of-bacteria-that-can-turn-plastic-into-food)
    * [Local Man Spends Entire Day Trying to Figure Out How to Use New Smart Toaster](#local-man-spends-entire-day-trying-to-figure-out-how-to-use-new-smart-toaster)
    * [Scientists Discover New Species of Ants That Can Speak to Plants](#scientists-discover-new-species-of-ants-that-can-speak-to-plants)
* [Technology](#technology)
    * [Apple Releases New iPhone with No Ports, Forces Users to Buy Expensive Wireless Accessories](#apple-releases-new-iphone-with-no-ports-forces-users-to-buy-expensive-wireless-accessories)
    * [Social Media Influencers Spend Thousands on New Camera Equipment](#social-media-influencers-spend-thousands-on-new-camera-equipment)
    * [Amazon Unveils Delivery Drones that Double as Security Cameras](#amazon-unveils-delivery-drones-that-double-as-security-cameras)
    * [Google Introduces New Feature to Predict Your Thoughts](#google-introduces-new-feature-to-predict-your-thoughts)
    * [](#)

<!-- TOC -->

# Politics

## President Trump Tweets about Fake News

President Trump took to Twitter yesterday to criticize the media once again. In a series of tweets, he railed against
what he called "fake news" and accused journalists of being biased against him.

"The failing New York Times and the fake news media are doing everything they can to demean and belittle me," Trump
tweeted. "It's sad!"

Many observers were quick to point out the irony of Trump's tweets, given his own history of making false or misleading
statements. But the president seemed unfazed by the criticism.

"I know the truth, and I'm not afraid to speak it," he tweeted. "The dishonest media can't handle the truth!"

Despite the controversy, Trump's tweets were greeted with enthusiasm by his supporters. Many took to social media to
express their agreement with the president's message.

"Finally, someone is standing up to the fake news media," one Twitter user wrote. "Thank you, Mr. President!"

Others, however, were less impressed.

"This is ridiculous," one critic tweeted. "The president of the United States should be focusing on more important
issues than attacking the media."

Despite the criticism, it seems likely that Trump will continue to use Twitter to communicate his views. As he tweeted
yesterday, "I will not be silenced!"

Only time will tell what other controversies the president's tweets will stir up in the days and weeks ahead.

## Congress Fails to Pass Healthcare Bill Due to Internal Disagreements

Last week, Congress failed to pass a healthcare bill in D.C., due to disagreements within the party.

Despite months of negotiations, the bill was ultimately abandoned, leaving many Americans without access to affordable
healthcare.

Sources say that the disagreements centered around the level of government involvement in healthcare, with some members
of Congress pushing for a more market-based approach.

Others argued that the government has a responsibility to ensure that all citizens have access to basic healthcare
services.

Ultimately, the two sides were unable to reach a compromise, leading to the bill's failure.

The American people are left wondering why their elected officials were unable to put aside their differences and come
together to pass a bill that would benefit millions of people.

Perhaps it's because, as one political commentator put it, 'they just don't care about the American people.'

Whatever the reason, it's clear that Congress has once again failed to do its job.

Until they can learn to work together and put the needs of the American people first, we can only expect more of the
same.

Stay tuned for updates on this developing story.

## Hillary Clinton Embarks on Nationwide Speaking Tour to Promote New Book

Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced today that she will embark on a nationwide speaking tour next month
to promote her new book, which is set to hit shelves this fall.

According to sources close to the Clinton camp, the tour will take the former presidential candidate to cities across
the country, where she will share insights from her time in public office and offer readers an inside look at the
writing process behind her latest work.

"I'm thrilled to be hitting the road once again to connect with readers and share my story," Clinton told reporters at a
press conference announcing the tour. "This is a book about resilience, about overcoming adversity, and about the power
of hope in the face of uncertainty."

Despite the positive message behind the book, critics have already begun to question Clinton's motives for embarking on
another tour so soon after her unsuccessful presidential bid.

"It's just another desperate attempt for attention," said political commentator James Carville. "I mean, she lost the
election. What else does she have to offer?"

Others, however, see the tour as an opportunity for Clinton to re-enter the national conversation and perhaps even
launch another bid for the White House in 2020.

"She's a fighter, and she's not going to let one election defeat keep her down," said longtime Clinton supporter and
Democratic strategist Donna Brazile. "This tour is just the beginning. Watch out, Donald Trump."

The tour is set to kick off on October 1st in New York City, with stops planned in Chicago, Los Angeles, and Houston,
among other cities.

Advance copies of the book are already receiving praise from early readers, with one reviewer calling it "a must-read
for anyone who cares about the future of our country."

Despite the hype, however, some critics are already questioning whether Clinton's book will be able to live up to the
high expectations set by her previous works.

"Let's be honest, her last book wasn't exactly a page-turner," said Fox News host Tucker Carlson. "But who knows, maybe
she's got a surprise up her sleeve this time around."

## North Korea Launches Missile, World Shrugs

North Korea launched yet another missile on today from an undisclosed location, with the world collectively shrugging
its shoulders in response.

The missile, which flew over Japan before landing in the Pacific Ocean, marks the latest in a series of tests by the
isolated nation, which has been met with a mix of international condemnation and apathy.

"Yeah, yeah, North Korea launched another missile. Big whoop," said one U.S. government official, speaking on condition
of anonymity. "Wake me up when they actually hit something."

Experts agree that while the missile tests are concerning, they are unlikely to result in any significant change or
action from the international community.

"It's basically just North Korea saying 'look at us, we have missiles too,'" said one analyst. "It's not like they're
actually going to use them."

Meanwhile, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un expressed his satisfaction with the launch, calling it a "great success" and
insisting that his nation's missile program was purely defensive in nature.

"We have to be prepared to defend ourselves from the aggression of the imperialist dogs," said Kim in a statement. "Our
missile program is a necessary measure to ensure the safety and security of the Korean people."

The U.S. and other nations are expected to respond to the latest missile test with a mix of sternly-worded statements
and symbolic sanctions that will have little impact on North Korea's behavior.

"It's a bit of a catch-22," said one diplomat. "If we ignore them, they keep launching missiles. If we respond, they use
it as an excuse to escalate things further."

Despite the lack of any real consequences for North Korea, experts warn that the missile tests could still have
dangerous implications.

"It's hard to predict what will happen if they keep this up," said one analyst. "At some point, someone might overreact
and things could spiral out of control. But for now, it's just business as usual."

## The White House Renovations Continue Despite National Crisis

Washington D.C. - In the midst of a national crisis, the White House has decided to prioritize its renovation efforts.
Despite criticism from both sides of the aisle, the construction continues. Sources close to the project say that the
renovations are necessary to make the building great again.

"It's really important that we have the best White House possible," said an anonymous source. "The American people
deserve a White House that is both beautiful and functional."

While some have criticized the timing of the renovations, others have pointed out that the construction is actually a
welcome distraction from the chaos of the current political climate.

"It's nice to focus on something that isn't the end of the world," said one White House staffer. "Plus, the new Oval
Office is going to be amazing."

Despite the positive attitudes of some staff members, many Americans are questioning the priorities of the Trump
administration.

"It's ridiculous," said one citizen. "We have real problems to deal with, and they're worried about redecorating?"

Only time will tell whether the White House renovations will prove to be a wise investment, or simply another example of
the administration's misplaced priorities.

Stay tuned for updates.

Disclaimer: This article is a work of satire. The Onion is a satirical news organization.

Keywords: The White House, renovations, national crisis, humor, satire

# Sports

## Tom Brady Wins Super Bowl for the 7th Time, Solidifies Status as GOAT

In a stunning display of athletic prowess, Tom Brady led the Tampa Bay Buccaneers to victory in Super Bowl LV last
night, securing his seventh Super Bowl ring and cementing his status as the greatest of all time, or GOAT. Fans across
the country were left in awe as Brady, who is now 43 years old, defied the odds and led his team to glory once again.

Many experts had doubted Brady's ability to compete at the highest level at his age, but the quarterback proved them all
wrong with a masterful performance that included three touchdown passes and over 200 yards passing.

Brady's win was especially sweet for Buccaneers fans, who had waited 18 years for their team to return to the Super
Bowl. The victory parade through the streets of Tampa Bay is sure to be a raucous affair, with fans celebrating their
team's historic victory and Brady's incredible achievement.

Of course, Brady himself was typically humble in victory, thanking his teammates and coaches for their hard work and
dedication throughout the season. 'It's not about me,' he said in a post-game interview. 'It's about the team and what
we accomplished together.'

Despite his impressive record, Brady shows no signs of slowing down and has already set his sights on next season. 'I
love this game so much,' he said. 'I want to keep playing as long as I can, and hopefully we can win another one next
year.'

For now, though, Brady can bask in the glory of yet another Super Bowl victory and revel in his status as the GOAT. As
one fan put it, 'There's no one else like him. He's the greatest of all time, and nothing can take that away from him.'

## LeBron James Leads Lakers to NBA Championship

LeBron James proved once again why he's the best player in the NBA last night, leading the Los Angeles Lakers to a
championship victory over the Miami Heat in Orlando, Florida.

James, who has been criticized in the past for being a one-man team, silenced his critics with a dominant performance in
the Finals, averaging 29.8 points, 11.8 rebounds, and 8.5 assists per game.

The victory marks James' fourth NBA championship, and his first with the Lakers, who he joined in 2018 after a stint
with the Cleveland Cavaliers.

In a post-game interview, James credited his teammates for their hard work and dedication throughout the season, but
also acknowledged that he had to carry a heavy load in the Finals.

'I couldn't have done it without my teammates,' James said. 'But I also knew that I had to step up and be the leader of
this team. I'm just glad we were able to come out on top.'

The championship victory is especially sweet for James, who faced criticism from some fans and pundits for leaving
Cleveland to join the Lakers.

'I knew it was going to be a challenge,' James said. 'But I wanted to come to Los Angeles and help the Lakers get back
to where they belong - on top.'

The victory is sure to be a major boost for the Lakers, who have struggled in recent years and missed the playoffs
altogether in the 2018-2019 season.

But for James, the victory is just another notch in his already impressive legacy as one of the greatest basketball
players of all time.

'I'm not done yet,' James said. 'I've still got a lot of basketball left in me, and I'm going to keep pushing myself to
be the best.'

## Tiger Woods Wins Masters Tournament in Stunning Comeback

After a tumultuous few years, Tiger Woods has made a triumphant return to the golfing world by winning the Masters
tournament in Augusta, Georgia.

The victory comes after a string of scandals that threatened to derail Woods' career, including a highly publicized
divorce and a DUI arrest.

But Woods refused to let these setbacks define him, and he worked tirelessly to get back to the top of his game.

In the end, all of his hard work paid off, as he dominated the tournament and emerged victorious.

Fans and critics alike were stunned by Woods' performance, with many calling it one of the greatest comebacks in sports
history.

Despite the magnitude of his achievement, Woods remained humble in victory, thanking his fans and fellow competitors for
their support.

'I couldn't have done this without my team and my family,' Woods said in a post-game interview. 'This win is for them.'

Many are now wondering what's next for Woods, who seems to have regained his place as one of the greatest golfers of all
time.

But for now, all that matters is that Tiger Woods is back on top, and the world is watching in awe.

Congratulations, Tiger!

## Serena Williams Wins Wimbledon Again

Serena Williams proved once again that she is the best female tennis player in the world by winning Wimbledon last week
in London, England.

Despite facing tough competition, Serena dominated the tournament and emerged victorious.

Many fans were thrilled to see Serena back in top form, and her win was celebrated around the world.

Serena's victory is a testament to her skill and dedication as an athlete, and she continues to inspire fans young and
old with her incredible talent.

Of course, no one was surprised by Serena's win - after all, who else could win Wimbledon except Serena?

Her dominance on the court is unrivaled, and she has cemented her place in tennis history as one of the greatest players
of all time.

Congratulations to Serena on another incredible victory - we can't wait to see what she does next!

Until then, we'll just have to bask in the glory of her Wimbledon win and marvel at her continued greatness.

Long live Serena Williams, the queen of tennis!

Disclaimer: The Onion is a satirical news publication and this article is not intended to be taken seriously.

## Usain Bolt Sets World Record in 100-Meter Dash

In a stunning display of athleticism, Usain Bolt set a new world record in the 100-meter dash yesterday in Tokyo, Japan.

The Jamaican sprinter, who famously won three gold medals at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, crossed the finish line in just
9.58 seconds, beating his previous record of 9.69 seconds.

Bolt's victory was all the more impressive given the strong headwinds he faced during the race, which experts say could
have slowed him down by as much as 0.2 seconds.

But Bolt was undaunted, powering through the wind to claim his place in history as the fastest man alive.

Speaking to reporters after the race, Bolt said he was thrilled with his performance.

"I knew I had it in me," he said. "I've been training hard for this moment, and I'm just glad it all came together
today."

Bolt's victory was celebrated by fans around the world, many of whom took to social media to express their awe and
admiration.

One user tweeted, "Usain Bolt is a freak of nature. The man is a machine!"

Another wrote, "I don't know how he does it, but Usain Bolt just keeps getting faster and faster. What a legend!"

Despite his incredible achievement, Bolt remained humble, saying he was just happy to have been able to compete at such
a high level.

"I'm grateful for every opportunity I get to run," he said. "And I'm always looking for ways to improve and get better.
That's what it's all about."

# Entertainment

## Local Man Buys New Pair of Shoes at the Mall

Last Tuesday, a local man made the daring decision to purchase a brand new pair of shoes at the mall.

According to eyewitnesses, the man had been wearing his previous pair of shoes for several months and they had become
visibly worn out.

The man reportedly entered the shoe store with a determined look on his face, and proceeded to spend several minutes
trying on different pairs of shoes.

After much deliberation, he finally settled on a pair of sleek black sneakers with white accents.

When asked about his purchase, the man stated that he was happy with his decision and looked forward to wearing his new
shoes around town.

While some may view this as a mundane and unimportant event, we at The Onion believe that it is newsworthy and
significant.

After all, it takes a special kind of person to make such a bold fashion statement.

So here's to you, local man with new shoes. We salute you and your impeccable taste.

May your shoes carry you to new heights, and may you continue to make bold fashion choices in the future.

This has been a breaking news story from The Onion, where we take the mundane and make it extraordinary.

## Celebrity says something controversial on Twitter

Yesterday, a celebrity caused a stir on social media when they tweeted something controversial.

The tweet quickly went viral, with many people expressing outrage and calling for the celebrity to apologize.

However, some fans defended the celebrity, saying that their words were taken out of context.

Despite the backlash, the celebrity has not deleted the tweet or issued an apology.

This is not the first time that a celebrity has faced criticism for their social media activity.

In recent years, many public figures have been called out for insensitive or tone-deaf tweets.

Some have even lost endorsement deals or faced other consequences as a result.

It remains to be seen what, if any, fallout this latest controversy will have for the celebrity in question.

Regardless, it serves as a reminder that anything you post on social media can have serious consequences.

Think before you tweet, folks.

## Scientists Discover New Planet in Distant Galaxy

Last week, a team of scientists made a groundbreaking discovery: a new planet in a distant galaxy.

The planet, which has been named Zog, is approximately the same size and composition as Earth, but is located over 300
light-years away.

While the discovery is being hailed as a major scientific breakthrough, some experts are skeptical of its real-world
significance.

'This is really just a trivial piece of information,' said Dr. Jane Smith, a noted astrophysicist. 'It has no practical
application and doesn't tell us anything we didn't already know.'

Despite the criticism, the scientific community is abuzz with excitement over the discovery.

'This is an incredible achievement,' said Dr. John Doe, the lead researcher on the project. 'We're expanding our
understanding of the universe and pushing the boundaries of human knowledge.'

Zog is expected to be the subject of intense study in the coming months, as scientists try to learn more about this
distant planet.

Until then, the rest of us can simply marvel at the wonders of the universe and the incredible work being done by our
scientific community.

In conclusion, while the discovery of Zog may not have any practical applications, it is a testament to the ingenuity
and perseverance of the human spirit.

Who knows what other incredible discoveries await us in the vast expanse of space?

## Local Woman Wins Pie-Eating Contest at County Fair

Over the weekend, a local woman won the pie-eating contest at the county fair. The event, which was held on Saturday
afternoon, drew a large crowd of onlookers.

The woman, whose name has not been released, reportedly consumed 10 pies in just under 10 minutes to secure the victory.
She was awarded a blue ribbon and a gift certificate to a local bakery.

Many spectators expressed surprise and admiration at the woman's feat. 'I couldn't even eat one pie that quickly,' said
one attendee. 'She's a true champion.'

Others, however, criticized the event as a frivolous waste of time. 'Pie-eating contests are a silly and pointless
activity,' said one detractor. 'But they're often treated as if they were serious competitions.'

The woman herself seemed unfazed by the criticism, telling reporters that she participated in the contest 'just for
fun.' She also thanked her friends and family for their support.

This is not the first time that a local resident has won the pie-eating contest at the county fair. Last year, a man
from the neighboring town of Springfield took home the top prize.

The annual event has been a fixture of the county fair for over a decade, drawing competitors and spectators from all
over the region.

Despite the controversy surrounding pie-eating contests, it seems that they are here to stay. Whether you love them or
hate them, there's no denying that they make for an entertaining spectacle.

Congratulations to the local woman on her impressive victory!

## Politician Makes Promise to Constituents

Earlier this month, at a campaign rally, a politician made a promise to their constituents in an effort to win votes.
The politician, whose name we won't mention here, pledged to improve the local economy, create jobs, and lower taxes.

However, many people are skeptical of the politician's promises, as they have a history of making grand claims during
campaigns that they have no intention of keeping. In fact, some people are already making bets on how quickly the
politician will break their latest promise.

Despite the cynicism, the politician's speech was met with cheers and applause from the crowd. It seems that many people
are still willing to believe in the power of political promises, no matter how unrealistic they may be.

But perhaps there is a deeper issue at play here. Why do politicians feel the need to make such grand promises in the
first place? Is it simply to win votes, or is there something more insidious going on?

These are questions that we may never have the answers to. But one thing is for sure - politicians will continue to make
promises, and people will continue to be skeptical of them.

At the end of the day, all we can do is sit back and enjoy the show. After all, there's nothing quite like the spectacle
of a politician making promises they have no intention of keeping.

Until next time, this is The Onion, signing off.

# Science

## New Species of Microbes Found in Human Tears

Scientists at a research lab in California have discovered a new species of microbes that thrive in human tears,
according to a report published yesterday.

The study, which aimed to investigate the microbiome of the human eye, found that these microbes are highly adapted to
the unique environment of tears, and may play a role in maintaining eye health.

The discovery has sparked interest among both scientists and the general public, with many wondering what other secrets
the human body may hold.

"This is a fascinating finding," said lead researcher Dr. Jane Smith. "We had no idea that there were microbes in tears
that were so specialized and diverse. It just goes to show how much we still have to learn about the human body."

The study also revealed that the only way to get rid of these microbes is to cry them out. "It's a bit of a paradox,"
noted Dr. Smith. "The same thing that causes the tears also helps to get rid of the microbes."

The news has been met with mixed reactions from the public, with some expressing concern about the potential health
implications of these microbes, while others have embraced them as a quirky and fascinating aspect of the human body.

Regardless of the public's reaction, the discovery of these new microbes is sure to fuel further research into the human
microbiome, and may even lead to new treatments for eye-related conditions.

So the next time you find yourself tearing up, remember that you're not just shedding tears – you're also flushing out a
whole ecosystem of tiny creatures.

Or, as one scientist put it: "It's like a rainforest in your eyes."

With reporting by The Onion.

## NASA Announces Plans to Send Humans to Sun in 2024

NASA announced today that they plan to send humans to the sun in 2024, in an effort to study our closest star up close.

This groundbreaking mission will be the first time humans have ever traveled to the sun, and is expected to provide
invaluable insights into the workings of our solar system.

While the trip will undoubtedly be challenging, NASA scientists have developed innovative new technologies to protect
the astronauts from the sun's intense heat and radiation.

According to NASA spokesperson Dr. Jane Smith, "This is an exciting time for space exploration, and we're thrilled to be
leading the charge in this historic mission."

The spacecraft will be equipped with a state-of-the-art sun shield, which will protect the crew from temperatures that
can reach up to 27 million degrees Fahrenheit.

The astronauts will also be wearing specially designed suits that will allow them to withstand the extreme conditions of
space travel.

While the mission is still in the planning stages, NASA is already fielding applications from astronauts who are eager
to be a part of this historic endeavor.

As one astronaut put it, "This is the opportunity of a lifetime, and I can't wait to be a part of something that will
change the course of space exploration forever."

Stay tuned for more updates on this exciting mission as it develops.

Disclaimer: This article is a work of fiction. None of the statements in this article are true and should be interpreted
as satire.

## Scientists Discover New Species of Bacteria That Can Turn Plastic into Food

Last week, scientists announced the discovery of a new species of bacteria that has the ability to turn plastic into
food.

The breakthrough was made in a research lab in Japan, where scientists have been working to find ways to reduce plastic
waste.

The bacteria, which has been named 'plastivore', is able to break down the chemical bonds in plastic and convert them
into a form of sustenance.

While the discovery has been hailed as a major breakthrough, scientists caution that the food produced by the bacteria
doesn't taste very good.

'It's definitely an acquired taste,' said Dr. Hiroshi Nakamura, the lead researcher on the project.

Despite the less-than-appetizing flavor, many are optimistic that the discovery could have major implications for
reducing plastic waste around the world.

'This is a game-changer,' said environmental activist Jane Smith. 'If we can find a way to mass-produce this bacteria,
we could drastically reduce the amount of plastic that ends up in our oceans and landfills.'

Only time will tell if the discovery of plastivore will truly change the world, but for now, scientists are excited to
continue their research and see where it leads.

As Dr. Nakamura put it, 'The possibilities are endless.'

## Local Man Spends Entire Day Trying to Figure Out How to Use New Smart Toaster

Last weekend, a local man in Chicago spent the entire day trying to figure out how to use his new smart toaster.

The man, who has not been named, reportedly purchased the toaster in an attempt to make his morning routine more
efficient.

However, after hours of frustration, the man realized that he had been trying to put the bread in the wrong slot.

"I thought the wider slot was for bagels, but it turns out that's where the toaster scans the QR code on the bread," the
man explained.

Despite the setback, the man remained determined to make the most of his smart toaster.

He spent the rest of the day experimenting with different settings and trying to connect the toaster to his phone.

"I still don't really understand what the point of a smart toaster is, but I'm not giving up on it," the man said.

According to sources, the man's friends and family are planning an intervention to convince him to return the toaster
and get a regular one.

However, the man remains convinced that he can figure it out.

At press time, the man was seen reading the toaster's instruction manual upside down.

## Scientists Discover New Species of Ants That Can Speak to Plants

Last month, a research lab in Brazil announced the discovery of a new species of ants that are capable of communicating
with plants. The ants, which have been named Formica linguafrondis, can make clicking noises with their mandibles that
are understood by the plants around them.

When asked for comment, the plants said they had no idea what the ants were saying. However, the scientists who made the
discovery believe that this communication could be a key factor in the relationship between ants and plants.

According to lead researcher Dr. Jane Smith, 'This is a groundbreaking discovery that could change the way we view the
natural world. We've long known that ants and plants have a special relationship, but now we're beginning to understand
just how deep that relationship goes.'

The discovery has also led to speculation about what else ants might be capable of. Some experts believe that ants could
be communicating with other animals as well, and that their clicking noises may be a form of language that we have yet
to understand.

Despite the excitement surrounding the discovery, there are some who remain skeptical. One critic, who wished to remain
anonymous, pointed out that 'It's hard to take this seriously when it's coming from The Onion.'

Regardless of the skeptics, the discovery of these new ants is sure to spark further research and discussion in the
scientific community. Who knows what other secrets of the natural world are waiting to be uncovered?

The Formica linguafrondis ants have become overnight sensations on social media, with many users sharing videos of the
ants in action. Some have even created memes featuring the ants and their unique ability to communicate with plants.

When asked for comment, a spokesperson for The Onion said, 'We're thrilled to have been part of this groundbreaking
discovery. At The Onion, we're always looking for new and innovative ways to bring humor and satire to our readers.'

Only time will tell what other amazing discoveries the scientific community will make, but one thing is for sure: the
Formica linguafrondis ants have captured our imaginations and reminded us of just how wondrous the natural world can be.

Stay tuned for more updates on this story, as well as other breaking news from The Onion.

# Technology

## Apple Releases New iPhone with No Ports, Forces Users to Buy Expensive Wireless Accessories

Yesterday, Apple Inc. released their latest iPhone model with no ports, forcing users to purchase expensive wireless
accessories.

The move has been criticized by many who see it as a greedy ploy to increase profits at the expense of practicality.

According to an Apple spokesperson, the decision was made to promote the future of technology and the convenience of
wireless charging.

However, many consumers are not convinced and have expressed frustration with having to spend more money on accessories.

The new iPhone model is also said to have a variety of bugs and glitches, leading some to question the decision to
release it so soon.

Despite the backlash, diehard Apple fans have already begun lining up to get their hands on the latest device.

When asked about the decision to remove ports, one fan stated, 'I don't care about practicality, I just want the newest
and coolest thing.'

Only time will tell if the move to wireless accessories will pay off for Apple or if it will lead to a decline in sales.

Until then, consumers will have to decide if they are willing to sacrifice practicality for the sake of staying on the
cutting edge of technology.

In conclusion, while the new iPhone model may be a technological marvel, it serves as a reminder that sometimes progress
comes at a cost.

## Social Media Influencers Spend Thousands on New Camera Equipment

Los Angeles, CA - Last week, social media influencers across the city were seen lining up outside camera stores, eager
to get their hands on the latest and greatest equipment to help them take the perfect shot of their avocado toast.

According to sources, some influencers spent upwards of $10,000 on new camera bodies, lenses, and lighting equipment,
all in the name of getting that perfect shot.

When asked why they felt the need to spend so much money on new gear, one influencer explained, 'Well, you see, it's all
about the lighting. And the sharpness. And the bokeh. And the color. And the composition. And the...'

Another influencer chimed in, 'Plus, it's really important to stay ahead of the curve. You don't want to be caught using
last year's equipment, do you?'

Despite the high cost, many influencers felt the investment was worth it. 'I mean, sure, it's a lot of money,' said
one, 'but think about all the likes I'll get on Instagram. It's basically like getting paid.'

Experts predict that this trend of overspending on camera equipment will only continue to grow, as social media becomes
an increasingly important part of our lives. So the next time you see an influencer taking a picture of their food with
a $5,000 camera, just remember - it's all in the name of relatability.

Satire from The Onion

## Amazon Unveils Delivery Drones that Double as Security Cameras

In a move that's sure to delight customers and terrify privacy advocates, Amazon announced today that its latest
delivery drones will also function as security cameras.

The new drones, which are expected to roll out in select cities next month, will be able to fly over customers' homes
and record footage of any suspicious activity. Amazon says this will give customers peace of mind and the illusion of
control.

"We understand that our customers want to feel safe and secure," said Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos in a statement. "That's why
we've designed our new delivery drones to double as security cameras. Now you can have your packages delivered by a
flying robot that's also watching your every move."

The drones will be equipped with high-definition cameras that can capture footage from up to 1,000 feet away. They will
also be able to detect motion and sound, and will automatically send alerts to customers' smartphones if they detect any
suspicious activity.

Some privacy advocates have criticized the move, saying that it's a blatant invasion of customers' privacy. But Amazon
says that customers will have the option to opt out of the security camera feature if they choose.

"We respect our customers' privacy and understand that not everyone will want to participate in this program," said
Bezos. "That's why we're giving customers the option to opt out. But we believe that most customers will see the value
in having their packages delivered by a flying robot that's also keeping an eye on their home."

The new drones are just the latest example of Amazon's relentless pursuit of innovation. The company has already
pioneered same-day delivery, drone delivery, and even delivery by autonomous robot.

So the next time you see a flying robot delivering a package to your neighbor's house, just remember: it's also watching
you.

Disclaimer: This story is a work of fiction. The Onion is a satirical news website.

More information about The Onion can be found at http://www.theonion.com

## Google Introduces New Feature to Predict Your Thoughts

Get ready to have your mind read, because Google is introducing a new feature that predicts what you're thinking before
you even think it. According to sources at the company, this new technology will be rolled out next month and is sure to
further erode your privacy and make you question the nature of reality.

When asked about the potential ethical concerns surrounding this new feature, a spokesperson for Google simply shrugged
and said, 'Hey, we're just here to make money.' So it looks like we can all look forward to a future where our thoughts
are constantly monitored and sold to advertisers.

But don't worry, it's not all doom and gloom. In fact, Google has assured us that this new feature will also come with
some fun new games and quizzes that will help you better understand your own thoughts and emotions. So get ready to have
your mind blown (literally)!

Of course, not everyone is excited about this new feature. Privacy advocates have already voiced concerns about the
potential for abuse, and some have even called for a boycott of Google products and services. But let's be real, who are
we kidding? We all know that we're addicted to our phones and would never give them up, no matter how much we complain
about them.

So what can we do to protect ourselves from this new invasion of privacy? Well, for starters, we can all start wearing
tinfoil hats to block out the mind-reading rays. Or we could just accept that our thoughts are no longer our own and
start thinking really weird and disturbing things just to mess with the algorithm. The choice is yours!

Either way, it looks like we're all in for a wild ride as technology continues to blur the lines between reality and
fiction. So buckle up and get ready to have your mind blown (again, literally).

Disclaimer: The above article is a work of satire and fiction. Please do not take it seriously.

##  




